Add xiaomi miio troubleshooting (#24802)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/xiaomi_miio.markdown

[this page](https://www.openhab.org/addons/bindings/miio/#country-servers) for
the server to use for each country.

## Troubleshooting

The most common problems are:

> - Xioami Miio devices do not communicate accros subnets/VLANs due to the source address of the UDP packet not belonging to the subnet of the device itself, [more information and solutions](https://python-miio.readthedocs.io/en/latest/troubleshooting.html#discover-devices-across-subnets).
> - Roborock vacuums need to be connected to the Xiaomi Home app, not the roborock app, [more information](https://python-miio.readthedocs.io/en/latest/troubleshooting.html#roborock-vacuum-not-detected).
> - Blocking the network access to the device is known to cause intermittend connection issues due to the device internal software hanging and a watchdog restarting the internal software, [more information](https://python-miio.readthedocs.io/en/latest/troubleshooting.html#intermittent-connection-issues-timeouts-xiaomi-vacuum).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Xiaomi Miio devices do not communicate across subnets/VLANs due to the source address of the UDP packet not belonging to the subnet of the device itself, [more information and solutions](https://python-miio.readthedocs.io/en/latest/troubleshooting.html#discover-devices-across-subnets).
- Roborock vacuums need to be connected to the Xiaomi Home app, not the Roborock app, [more information](https://python-miio.readthedocs.io/en/latest/troubleshooting.html#roborock-vacuum-not-detected).
- Blocking the network access to the device is known to cause intermittent connection issues due to the device's internal software hanging and a watchdog restarting the internal software, [more information](https://python-miio.readthedocs.io/en/latest/troubleshooting.html#intermittent-connection-issues-timeouts-xiaomi-vacuum).
```

[this page](https://www.openhab.org/addons/bindings/miio/#country-servers) for
the server to use for each country.

## Troubleshooting

> [Detailed troubleshooting steps are here](https://python-miio.readthedocs.io/en/latest/troubleshooting.html#troubleshooting)

Reviewer: We should not point people to libraries in our documentation.

Author: I removed that statement.
I hope it is alright to have the `more info` links at the end of each problem in the list?
